‐ Do you think they’ll show up?
It’s quiet.
‐ I know they will.
They would never turn down
a chance to collect
15 more rings.
Wang is the kind of person
who does whatever it takes
to satisfy his desires,
and he doesn’t hesitate.
He’ll happily kill anybody
who gets in his way,
whether it’s a yakuza boss
or a harmless child.
He’s not the leader
of the Eighth Clan
for nothing, after all.
‐ [chuckles]
I’m glad to hear it.
Now that I know, I won’t lose
any sleep over eliminating him
and every scumbag
he’s bringing with him.
‐ To the best of my knowledge,
other than Wang, who’s
the number‐one threat here,
there are two others
to watch out for.
If we want to be victorious,
the best course of action
is separating them
and taking them out
individually.
First, there’s Keiichi Katsura,
who’s been close to Wang
for quite some time.
He’s highly skilled in karate,
but his Sigil
can crush opponents
without the use of his fists.
‐ That sounds dangerous.
I assume it must be
some sort of energy attack.
‐ Unknown, but I think
it’s classified
as a telekinetic type.
It seems to be limited
to point‐blank range, though,
so it would probably be wise
to engage him from a distance.
Anyway, the real problem
is the other person.
He actually hasn’t been
with the Eighth Clan for long.
Still, he’s rapidly risen
through their ranks.
His power is pyrokinesis,
which makes him
a natural enemy to you.
‐ Pyrokinesis.
‐ There are several varieties of
pyrokinetic Sigils in the game,
but the type that he uses
is incredibly rare.
It allows him to engulf
his entire body in flames.
His actual name and background
are a mystery,
but his associates
have come to refer to him
as Sig, the Flame Demon.
‐ He fights with fire.
I’ll probably lose this battle.
Even so,
getting out of this alive
has never been
a real option for me.
REIN: There are
more players
exploring the station
than I expected.
But it’s the center of the map,
so I guess it’s not strange
that people have gathered here,
even if they haven’t
discovered the coordinates.
And if there are other players
who have figured it out,
we’re the only ones who have
the code for the diamond ring.
If only I knew
the meaning of this number.
[gasps]
An Eighth Clan jacket!
They must have
solved it too.
[gasps]
That’s Wang!
And he brought so many!
Judging by their numbers
at the hotel,
I didn’t think they’d have
such a large group here.
Of course!
He must have gathered people
who aren’t part of the event!
I can’t search
for the treasure now!
[no audible dialogue]
MAN: The place
is full of hostiles.
Are we really
gonna barge in there?
The Eighth Clan already
beat us to the punch,
so we might as well
cut our losses now.
WOMAN: But we have
a plan, remember?
After everyone kills each other
in the big confrontation,
we’ll swoop in
and collect all the loot.
‐ Why should we?
We’ve got enough
to get through the event alive.
There’s no reason
to do anything risky, right?
‐ Don’t you get it?
With a diamond ring,
we’d have a complete set,
which has to mean something.
There’s more to this event
than they’ve told us about.
You’re with me on this one,
aren’t you, bro?
‐ Maybe. There’s not much
evidence to go on,
but there has to be some reason
why the game designers
made seven different‐‐[gasps]
[groans]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [groans]
‐ [whimpers]
[yells]
‐ [growls]
Good. Now we have enough rings
for every member
of the Danjo Boxing Club.
‐ Awesome!
‐ Let’s get moving.
It’s too dangerous
to hang around here.
‐ True.
They’ve started a war
over that diamond ring.
Sheesh.
This is gonna be a bloodbath.
‐ [yelling]
‐ [groans]
He’s stronger than I thought.
‐ [growls]
You can’t run from me!
‐ He really is
my perfect enemy.
If not for Rein’s warning,
he would have killed me
on the spot!
My plants up ahead
can be deployed as barricades.
But with his Sigil,
he’ll probably blaze
right through them!
What else can I do?
Perhaps I could set a barricade
with grenades inside it.
I’m sure his power would
protect him from the heat,
but would he be able to weather
the debris
and force of the blast?
It’s the moment of truth,
Flame Demon,
Let’s see what you’re made of!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
[groans]
‐ [roars]
‐ [gags]
‐ Hey, perfect timing, Keiichi.
‐ The elevators
are on the fritz,
and the stairwells
have been blocked off,
so I had to break in here
the old‐fashioned way.
‐ Lucky! I sure wish I had
a Sigil that would let me fly.
I’m jealous.
‐ It’s not flying.
I just make a scaffolding
out of air and climb up.
Honestly, it kinda wears me out.
‐ [gasps]
[both gasp]
‐ You just saved
our asses, Keiichi.
‐ The bastard was suicidal.
‐ And stubborn, too.
That fight should’ve killed him
a million times over.
‐ He’s on his way out.
I guess we’d better finish him
off to be sure, though.
[heart beating]
‐ My Sigil’s
keeping my heart pumping,
but I feel like
I’m at my limit.
It’s strange
that it doesn’t hurt.
In the end, death is easier
than I thought it’d be.
Escaping the hotel
by leaving the rings as bait,
Rein came up with
that backup plan for nothing.
[footsteps shuffling]
‐ Ah, so this is
where you were hiding.
You’re pretty tough
for an old man.
‐ How fortunate.
‐ Huh?
‐ I didn’t think
you two would come to me,
but now, before I die,
I’ll get to witness
the pain and surprise
on your faces.
‐ [rumbling]
‐ What?!
An earthquake!
‐ No! This is
something different!
‐ What the hell did you do,
damn it?
‐ You may not understand this,
but plants are far mightier
than any beast is.
From an animal’s perspective,
plants have no intellect
and can’t move.
Their only purpose is to be
eaten by other creatures.
On the other hand,
from a plant’s point of view,
the animals are servants
that can be used to reproduce.
‐ [gasps]
Quit your babbling already!
‐ You’ve seen
their strength before,
the way a beautiful flower
can break through the asphalt
and bloom!
‐ This is getting bad, Keiichi!
Listen, if he’s using his Sigil
to make this happen,
then all we have to do
is kill him!
‐ It’s too late.
‐ Huh?
‐ Look at him.
The guy’s dead.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, hi, Dad.
When did you get here?
Say something next time.
‐ Suzune.
Uh, I’m sorry.
I was just captivated
by your beauty.
‐ Aw, come on. You’re always
saying goofy stuff like that.
Oh, wow, the gerbera daisies
from our garden.
They bloomed again this year.
‐ Do you know
what they stand for?
‐ Red is progress,
pink is greatest love,
orange mean enduring,
and the white ones are hope.
But if you ask me, the florists
went a little overboard
when they decided all that.
They really liked gerberas.
‐ That’s exactly right.
Ask any florist.
Gerberas are the best of all.
‐ [sighs]
Dad?
‐ [screaming]
RYUJI: Do you still
want to go in there?
‐ Come on. Let’s bring
this damn game to an end.
REIN: I didn’t think
there’d be this many.
It’ll be hard to get
through here undetected.
[panting]
[gasps]
‐ What does he mean,
we should "look for
the real treasure"?
It’s not the rings?
‐ Nope. Wang said
it was something else.
It might not even show up
on the AR Camera.
‐ So he wants us to check out
the whole station?
Wouldn’t it be easier if we
focused on the diamond code?
‐ We gotta make the first move.
Plus, whoever finds the treasure
gets 1,000 bonus points.
Just capturing a player
who’s got info is worth 100.
‐ Sure, but what if
nobody knows anything?
‐ Think about it, man.
If a player shows up here,
it means they’ve
cracked the code
and they know that this is
where the treasure is.
In other words,
we should kidnap anybody we see.
‐ Hey, that’s pretty smart.
Wang’s a genius!
‐ [gasps]
So they don’t know the exact
location of the treasure.
Which means I can still win.
Now’s my chance to move.
‐ There’s a girl here.
My Sigil picks up
even the slightest scent.
That’s why
it’s called Wolf Nose.
‐ Oh, no. They’ll find me.
‐ There you are! You’re mine!
‐ Don’t kill her.
We need her alive!
‐ Trust me,
we’ll get her to talk!
‐ Hey, who the hell are you?
‐ Hurry up, and grab her!
‐ Get back here!
‐ [train clanking]
‐ That little brat!
‐ Relax.
We’ve got the whole station
locked down,
and none of these trains
are stopping!
Let’s spread the word
and corner her!
EIGHTH CLAN: Right!
‐ It’s okay!
As long as I
don’t run into Wang,
I can force my way
through here!
Laplace!
Good, he’s not anywhere nearby.
There’s my escape route!
‐ Boo!
‐ [gasps]
‐ What? Where did he come from?
Laplace should
have detected him!
[gasps]
‐ You’re not going anywhere,
little lady,
not ’til you and I
have a quick chat.
Now I want you to tell me
everything you know
about the real treasure
and where I’m
supposed to find it.
‐ I don’t know
a thing about that,
and I don’t have any rings
to give you, either.
‐ Ah, playing dumb, are we?
You’d better
not take me lightly, kid.
I asked you to tell me
everything you know.
‐ And I told you
I don’t have any rings.
[bone snaps]
[sobbing]
‐ [laughter]
‐ You see how nice I am?
I’m showing you
the severity of your situation
without even using my Sigil.
‐ [laughter]
‐ All right, you win.
‐ I’ll tell you.
‐ Attagirl.
You’re not so bad when
you’re cooperating with me.
‐ You want to find out what
the real treasure is, right?
You already broke my arm,
so please let go, and I’ll talk.
‐ Dumb‐ass.
‐ [wails]
‐ You’re in no position
to be making
the demands here, girlie.
‐ [panting]
That’s why you’re
the King of Venom.
‐ Eh? King of what now?
‐ ’Kay, here it is.
I’ll let you in on the real
secret of this treasure hunt.
Actually, it’s based
on a centuries‐old concept.
You see, in ancient China,
they used a deadly
venom‐based poison.
‐ So what? I’m not interested
in a history lesson.
I want to hear what you know
about the treasure!
‐ You’ll just
have to be patient.
This is going somewhere,
but I need a minute.
Well, I’ve given it
a lot of thought,
and I’ve concluded that D‐Game
is similar
to that ancient poison.
In China, they usually used it
as a form of assassination.
They would imprison hundreds
of poisonous creepy‐crawlies
inside of an urn,
and eventually
the sealed creatures
would kill each other off.
As time went on,
all of the insects would die
one by one by one,
until only the strongest
contender was left alive.
Does that remind you of yourself
at all, King of Venom?
I bet so!
‐ I’m gonna cut off your fingers
one at a time,
then your ears.
‐ [winces]
‐ Don’t worry.
I’ll save that rattling tongue
of yours for last.
[grunts]
Damn you!
REIN: Finally.
You sure took your time
getting here, but thank you.
‐ Listen, I’m doing
the best I can, all right?
‐ [growls] Who the hell are you?
‐ You’re the Eighth Clan boss,
right?
The way I see it,
we can either negotiate
or kill each other right here.
So what would you rather us do?
‐ Huh?
You’re not the brightest,
are you, boy?
Do I look like
a guy who negotiates?
‐ Maybe. We happen to have
some important information
about the Treasure Hunt event,
so I think you might want
to make a deal with us.
‐ [laughs]
‐ [Eighth Clan laughing]
‐ What do you say, gang?
Do we need to negotiate
with a bunch of toddlers?
‐ They really think
they can take us?
Let’s waste them all right now!
‐ All but one.
We still need that info, huh?
‐ Well, there you have it.
The Eighth Clan only deals
in take‐and‐take situations.
In other words, we take intel,
and we take your lives!
‐ I told you
these Eighth Clan guys
weren’t sophisticated enough
to talk this over like adults.
‐ Yeah, I get it. You’re right.
‐ Fine by me.
Fighting’s more my style anyway.
‐ They’re not giving us
much of a choice, are they?
‐ Oh, no! What should I do?
‐ If you insist.
‐ Attack!
KANAME: Can you run?
Of course I can.
I refuse to die here!
Follow me.
My Sigil will lead the way!
RYUJI: Come on now!
You thought those peashooters
would work on me?
‐ Don’t get cocky just ’cause
you have a bigger gun!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [wails]
‐ [gags]
‐ What the...
‐ [whimpers] I can’t do this!
Shuka, put me down!
I’m starting to get dizzy!
‐ You remember your job, Sui?
‐ I know. I know. I’ll do it.
Pollux Light!
The rest is up to you, Sota.
SOTA: Ha! Thanks for letting me
join in on the action, too!
Castor Light!
‐ What happened?
‐ I don’t know!
Just try and go around it!
‐ You useless punks.
Quit staring off into space,
and crush them!
‐ Look out behind us, Sis!
‐ [machine gun clicks]
‐ If you want them,
then you’re gonna have to go
through Ryuji Maesaka first!
‐ [sighs]
You’re getting on my nerves.
[Ryuji sighs] This’ll be fun.
I’ve been waiting for a chance
to bust a cap in your head!
‐ I’d like to see you
try it, big guy!
REIN: I’m sorry.
If I hadn’t gotten caught,
this wouldn’t have turned into
an all‐out confrontation
with the Eighth Clan.
‐ It was inevitable.
Don’t blame yourself.
‐ Kaname.
‐ I’ll get you somewhere
that’s at least kind of safe.
After that, I want you to do
the thing that only you can do.
‐ There’s something
that only I can do?
‐ Crack the final code
and find the treasure.
We’ll buy you
the time you need somehow.
Rein, I swear we’re gonna
clear this game together.
RYUJI: That’s sad!
Looks like all
your Sigil’s good for
is running away!
‐ I’m not running away.
I’m just thinking about
all the fun ways
I can annihilate you!
‐ Hah! Likewise, buddy!
That’s what I thought.
The range of his teleportation
is about five meters maximum.
And his slice attack
reaches about a meter.
The trick is, he can’t
do both at the same time.
So basically he’s a swordsman
who can close a five‐meter gap
in a single instant.
I think I can work with that.
If I shoot from 10 meters away,
then it’s all good!
‐ What a pain in the ass.
It’s like he knows
he’s barely out of reach.
‐ Wang! We did like you said
and pulled people
from the south entrance!
‐ Good to know.
‐ [machine gun firing]
‐ What’s the matter?
I thought you
were excited to kill me?
[sighs] He’s too smart
to charge right in.
‐ [gunshot]
‐ Die, loser!
RYUJI: Damn,
you assholes are annoying!
Even with my body armor,
every shot rattles my bones.
[gasps]
Shit!
‐ Whoopsie, not fast enough!
[slice]
‐ [screams]
‐ Looks like you lost
the Treasure Hunt.
But you did win yourself
a consolation prize.
You get to watch me
carve you up.
‐ Screw you!
[guns firing]
[man wails]
REIN: The six previous codes
turned out to be
the coordinates
for Shibuya Station.
But when we got here,
we didn’t pick up on any clues.
Not even Eighth
could figure out anything,
despite their enormous numbers.
If I don’t solve this puzzle,
then I won’t be able
to locate the true treasure.
I really
didn’t want to do this,
but I have no choice.
The target
isn’t the outside world,
but my own inner world.
I’ll search for the answer
in my mind.
Laplace Internal.
I’m still in the shallows,
but I’m here.
Right, I have to go deeper.
‐ ...cut off your fingers
one at a time.
‐ There’s no way
I’ll let myself
‐ get killed by stupid plants.
‐ REIN: Deeper...
and deeper,
down to my innermost thoughts.
[flowing]
So blue and warm,
an ancient sea full of life.
1‐8‐5‐9‐1‐1.
It’s not a prime number,
and it doesn’t correlate
with any coordinates.
Maybe it’s a play on words?
I need to search thoroughly.
I can’t confirm
anything meaningful
from simple word formations.
There are six digits.
Could it be a month and a year?
November, 1859.
The Edo era ended,
the Ansei Purge,
the Second Italian
War of Independence,
and Charles Darwin’s
The Origin of Species
was first published.
[drop echoes]
I’ve got it.
I know what the last code means
and where we can find
the treasure.
[Ryuji screams]
God damn you!
‐ Dear ladies and gentlemen
of D‐Game,
Welcome one and all
to Wang’s flesh‐carving show!
[clan cheering]
All right, Shinji,
Bring me the jar
of you‐know‐what, would you?
‐ Oh! Yes, sir!
‐ I swear I’m gonna make him...
‐ Here it is.
‐ regret mocking me like this!
‐ Look here! This little drink
is my own special recipe.
‐ [gasps]
‐ And I bet your fingers
are gonna make
a real nice addition
to this tasty brew of mine.
‐ Damn it! Dying’s one thing,
but I’m not letting him
make me into a cocktail!
I’m gonna take you down
with me, Wang!
‐ Are you ready?
‐ Good luck, Kaname.
You might be the only one who
can clear this screwed‐up game.
‐ Wonder how much I can chop off
before you die.
‐ Eat shit, you sicko!
‐ Everyone, freeze!
[all murmur]
[stirring music playing]
‐ What do you think
you’re doing, kid?
‐ [sighs]
I give up, okay?
But you have to let me live.
‐ Huh?
RYUJI: What the hell
is that idiot thinking?
What was the point
of all this running around
if he just surrenders?
They’re not gonna...
No, wait. What did he say?
‐ [laughs]
This kid is too damn funny!
He finally figured out
he doesn’t stand a chance!
‐ [laughter]
‐ I’m in the middle
of a show right now,
so you’ll have to wait
until I finish carving this guy.
Afterwards,
I’ll do the same to you.
‐ I think you might want
to hear what I have to say.
I already found the treasure
that was hidden
in Shibuya Station.
‐ Huh?
‐ And you’re looking
at the key that opens it.
I’ll hand it over to you
in exchange for my own safety.
I call this "give and take."
‐ You know how to make
an impression, don’t you?
[Japanese music playing]
KANAME: Next time: "Fragile."